c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.pdb
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.pdb
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\kenny\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Users\kenny\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
D:\Desktop\work7元智\Course5_BackEnd\Section1\Sample\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\新人訓\HR\Spring\NewHR\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\eHR.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.dll
C:\Users\Queye\Desktop\NewHR!\eHR.Dao\obj\Debug\eHR.Dao.pdb
